README.md, before:

# ZKWhale.AI

🚀 **Stealth intelligence network of AI agents that monitor whale wallet movements in the Axiom ecosystem**

ZKWhale.AI is a cutting-edge platform where users can deploy private AI agents to track whale wallet activities on Axiom, using Zero-Knowledge proofs for privacy and verifiable analytics.

## 🌟 Features

- **🤖 AI Agent Deployment**: Create and deploy private AI agents to monitor specific tokens and whale thresholds
- **🔐 Zero-Knowledge Privacy**: All agent activities protected with ZK proofs for complete privacy
- **📊 Real-time Monitoring**: Live feed of agent activities with cryptographic verification
- **💼 Agent Dashboard**: Comprehensive dashboard to manage your AI agents
- **🔗 Wallet Integration**: Connect your wallet seamlessly with RainbowKit
- **⚡ Real-time Updates**: Live agent activity feed with smooth animations

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS with custom monochrome theme
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Wallet**: Wagmi + RainbowKit
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **APIs**: Next.js API Routes with mock data

## 🎨 Design

- **Monochrome Futurism**: Dark theme with gradients and glow effects
- **Glassmorphism**: Modern glass-like UI elements
- **Smooth Animations**: Fade-in/slide-up transitions
- **Real-time Feel**: Live agent feed with typing effects
- **ZK Verification**: Cryptographic proof badges and modals

## 📁 Project Structure

```
zkwhale-ai/
├── pages/
│   ├── index.tsx          # Landing page with hero + live feed
│   ├── dashboard.tsx      # Agent management dashboard
│   ├── create.tsx         # Deploy new AI agent form
│   └── api/
│       ├── agents.ts      # Live agents API (mock data)
│       └── deploy.ts      # Agent deployment API
├── components/
│   ├── AgentCard.tsx      # Individual agent display card
│   ├── LiveFeed.tsx       # Real-time activity feed
│   └── ProofModal.tsx     # ZK proof verification modal
├── lib/
│   └── agentsData.ts      # Mock data generation & types
└── styles/
    └── globals.css        # Global styles + animations
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd zkwhale-ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## 📱 Key Components

### Home Page (`/`)
- Hero section with animated agent counter
- Live agent feed with real-time updates
- Wallet connection via RainbowKit
- Call-to-action buttons

### Dashboard (`/dashboard`)
- Agent management interface
- Filter by status (active, paused, private)
- Individual agent cards with ZK proofs
- Statistics and metrics

### Create Agent (`/create`)
- Form to configure new AI agents
- Token/protocol selection
- Whale threshold settings
- Time frame configuration
- Private/public agent toggle

### Live Feed
- Real-time scrolling updates
- Agent activity messages
- ZK proof verification badges
- Animated terminal-style interface

## 🔐 ZK Integration

- Mock ZK proof generation and verification
- Cryptographic hash display
- Privacy-preserving agent operations
- Zero-knowledge verification modals

## 🎯 Future Enhancements

- Real Axiom blockchain integration
- Actual ZK proof implementation with libraries like Circom
- Advanced agent AI models
- Portfolio optimization features
- Multi-chain support
- Enterprise dashboard features

## 🌐 Deployment

Ready for deployment on Vercel, Netlify, or any Next.js-compatible platform.

## 📄 License

This project is private and proprietary.

---

**ZKWhale.AI** — Privacy Meets Intelligence. Powered by Axiom + Zero Knowledge.

Commit message:

📚 Update README with repository links and deployment info

README.md, after:

# ZKWhale.AI

🚀 **Stealth intelligence network of AI agents that monitor whale wallet movements in the Axiom ecosystem**

🔗 **Repository**: [https://github.com/Demerzels-lab/zkwhale-ai](https://github.com/Demerzels-lab/zkwhale-ai)

ZKWhale.AI is a cutting-edge platform where users can deploy private AI agents to track whale wallet activities on Axiom, using Zero-Knowledge proofs for privacy and verifiable analytics.

## 🌟 Features

- **🤖 AI Agent Deployment**: Create and deploy private AI agents to monitor specific tokens and whale thresholds
- **🔐 Zero-Knowledge Privacy**: All agent activities protected with ZK proofs for complete privacy
- **📊 Real-time Monitoring**: Live feed of agent activities with cryptographic verification
- **💼 Agent Dashboard**: Comprehensive dashboard to manage your AI agents
- **🔗 Wallet Integration**: Connect your wallet seamlessly with RainbowKit
- **⚡ Real-time Updates**: Live agent activity feed with smooth animations

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS with custom monochrome theme
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Wallet**: Wagmi + RainbowKit
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **APIs**: Next.js API Routes with mock data

## 🎨 Design

- **Monochrome Futurism**: Dark theme with gradients and glow effects
- **Glassmorphism**: Modern glass-like UI elements
- **Smooth Animations**: Fade-in/slide-up transitions
- **Real-time Feel**: Live agent feed with typing effects
- **ZK Verification**: Cryptographic proof badges and modals

## 📁 Project Structure

```
zkwhale-ai/
├── pages/
│   ├── index.tsx          # Landing page with hero + live feed
│   ├── dashboard.tsx      # Agent management dashboard
│   ├── create.tsx         # Deploy new AI agent form
│   └── api/
│       ├── agents.ts      # Live agents API (mock data)
│       └── deploy.ts      # Agent deployment API
├── components/
│   ├── AgentCard.tsx      # Individual agent display card
│   ├── LiveFeed.tsx       # Real-time activity feed
│   └── ProofModal.tsx     # ZK proof verification modal
├── lib/
│   └── agentsData.ts      # Mock data generation & types
└── styles/
    └── globals.css        # Global styles + animations
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Demerzels-lab/zkwhale-ai.git
   cd zkwhale-ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## 🌐 Live Demo

The website is configured for deployment on Vercel and includes:
- Real-time AI agent feed
- Wallet connection with RainbowKit
- Agent deployment and management
- ZK proof verification (mock implementation)

## 📱 Key Components

### Home Page (`/`)
- Hero section with animated agent counter
- Live agent feed with real-time updates
- Wallet connection via RainbowKit
- Call-to-action buttons

### Dashboard (`/dashboard`)
- Agent management interface
- Filter by status (active, paused, private)
- Individual agent cards with ZK proofs
- Statistics and metrics

### Create Agent (`/create`)
- Form to configure new AI agents
- Token/protocol selection
- Whale threshold settings
- Time frame configuration
- Private/public agent toggle

### Live Feed
- Real-time scrolling updates
- Agent activity messages
- ZK proof verification badges
- Animated terminal-style interface

## 🔐 ZK Integration

- Mock ZK proof generation and verification
- Cryptographic hash display
- Privacy-preserving agent operations
- Zero-knowledge verification modals

## 🎯 Future Enhancements

- Real Axiom blockchain integration
- Actual ZK proof implementation with libraries like Circom
- Advanced agent AI models
- Portfolio optimization features
- Multi-chain support
- Enterprise dashboard features

## 🌐 Deployment

Ready for deployment on Vercel, Netlify, or any Next.js-compatible platform.

## 📄 License

This project is private and proprietary.

---

**ZKWhale.AI** — Privacy Meets Intelligence. Powered by Axiom + Zero Knowledge.
